AAP-13268-EDA updated eda controller user guide (#1495)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/eda/proc-modifying-activations-during-install.adoc

[id="modifying-activations-during-install"]

= Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations during {EDAcontroller} installation 

[role="_abstract"]
By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 activations to run simultaneously. You can modify this default value during installation by using the following procedure:

.Procedure
Provide a variable to the VM installer:

. Navigate to the setup inventory file. 
. Add `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations` under [all:vars] section.

> 

Reviewer: Lets given an example here: 

```
automationedacontroller_max_running_activations=16
```

Author: Hi @jainnikhil30! Same as the last comment, could you take a look at the formatting of this example? Thanks!

> . Add `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations` under [all:vars] section. For example, `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations=16`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations` in the [all:vars] section. For example, `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations=16`.
```
